Lookup subgraph format yield (#1009)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/16.subgraph-and-path/1.get-subgraph.md

- `edge_type` specifies the edge type. You can use `IN`, `OUT`, and `BOTH` to specify the traversal direction of the edge type. The default is `BOTH`.

> - `YIELD` defines the output that needs to be returned. You can return only vertexes or edges. The alias must be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `YIELD` defines the output that needs to be returned. You can return only vertices or edges. A column alias must be set.
```
